---
layout: post
title: "We are sooooooo back"
permalink: /we-back/
---

Spring is here, or so I thought as a foot and a half of snow approaches...

But with spring we have new beginnings, as in I started a new job as a engineering project coordinator. I was long overdue to hit on something good, but I'm thankful to be gainfully employed at last.

With that being said, I wanted to reflect on what helped me get the job and how I can keep my momentum going forward.

## I Got Lucky

But what does that actually mean? Well, being lucky isn't pure chance, but in this job market, it's getting continually harder to influence your chances. The first thing that stood out to me from my interview was that my preparation outside of school and work experience was all worth it. I was able to bring in many examples from my project management course, even though the job was on a lower level of seniority since I'm an "assistant". Being able to articulate how projects run, impact the business, organization, etc., showed that I can make an impact and innovate without having absolute decision making power. 

Also, all the programming and other pursuits to upskill myself made a huge difference even though I didn't talk about them one bit. How, you ask? My mind and body are the sharpest they have ever been and continue to grow. Having true, exuding confidence and mental sharpness helped me think on my feet and be able to tell my story confidently, as well as assure them that any new challenges I will face I am not only ready for, but welcome.

Besides this, I had my application process boiled down to a science. Just to be frank, there is no magic bullet to get you a job, but I think I have some optimized steps that will not only save you time, but also give you a higher probability. [*shameless plug*](https://gaja-ai.vercel.app)

> If you are struggling to find a job, it's more than likely not your fault. But being persistent and growing yourself, your skills, and your network every day will give you the chance you need, even if it takes a while to get where you need to be. 

I remember when I was feeling hopeless and thought I would never be able to get a decent job in my field. Now I am appreciative of my past self's tenacity and drive to win no matter what. **Don't give up!**

---

## Part 2: Gym

Now that I have a set schedule and routine for my day, my gym gains have been increasing rapidly.

First thing I've done is to have set days, no matter what, for the week. Currently, the schedule is:
- **Monday & Thursday:** Upper body 
- **Tuesday & Friday:** Lower body 
- **Weekend:** Optional workout of vertical jump training or basketball

The simple things like never missing a day and getting enough sleep, at the very minimum, get me up to bat every day, and if I have a sick or subpar day, it keeps me on schedule.

Secondly, I have finally cracked the diet after all these years. I largely eat what most consider **SLOP**... but it's effective.

I'll release the recipes in a future article, but my daily portions look like this:

* **Breakfast:** Meal-prepped homemade Jimmy Dean breakfast bowls (550 cals, 51g protein)
* **Lunch:** $7 Cheeseburger meal deal from Dairy Queen (1000 cals, 30g protein)
* **Post-workout mass gain shake:** (1000 cals, 70g protein)
* **Dinner:** Usually some kind of home cooked Chinese dish to fill up until I hit around 3500 cals

Yes, I could eat a cleaner lunch, but my goal isn't to deprive myself of joy. Eventually, I will switch to a meal prepped lunch, but for now, I will enjoy the time savings. Another note is I usually skipped breakfast in my past attempts, and this was a big hurdle as fitting that much food down in two meals was unsustainable. Having two weeks' worth prepared in 1 hour has been working well. 

As for major compound lifts such as bench and squat, I am steadily gaining 5 lbs per session, which is great for newbie gains. I need to keep eating and sleeping, and by the end of the year, I should have some impressive results to share. 

Overall, these last few weeks have been quite joyful for me, and I'm eager to keep getting out there. If you needed a sign to lock in, here it is. I'll be waiting to hear of your progress and goals.
